Hey, don't do it
It was you who made the move first
Who told you to say that?
Stop fighting
I'm warning you
My face is very tender
I'm warning you too
I don’t have two hairs left
I can't hold on anymore. I won't let go.
If you want to loosen up, loosen up first
If you don’t let go, neither will I.
I said three two one
Let's relax together
Ah three two one
You are quite rich, you are serious
You're such a joke
How dare you owe me face
Why do I owe you face?
You marry our Jiang Jiang
It's just for weddings
you to me
But it's not right to go to peace and happiness
You are not even as good as peace and happiness, you dog
Who will marry you Jiang Jiang now?
look at you
I feel out of breath after walking for two steps.
I feel thirsty after taking off two pieces of clothing
No one can pick you harder than you
I don't know what to say
If you hadn't had some bad money
who do you want
Divorce must be divorced, just divorce
who will marry you now
Look at your half-dead state
I think you need to get the divorce certificate soon
Or death certificate is faster?
Parents are busy
Just because of greed for money
You marry into our Jiang family
Isn’t it just the little money from our Jiang family?
What's different